Welcome to the Alarm Clock on the Technical Mangu
YouTube channel, friends, in today's video we will
learn about
ICEM Board, which is insurance,
how to download the insurance in your mobile,
how to download the insurance policy
in your mobile and with
that application, you will
not need to carry the policy around whenever you want,
your polish is being worked on, it will keep
showing the complete details on your phone itself,
so we will learn about some of them in detail in today's video
and also, if you are
visiting our channel for the first time, then
please subscribe to the channel
so that you keep getting the uploading information of all the videos
first, so
what you have to do first of all is to go to the Play Store,
after coming to the Play Store,
write iTalk Care or its link will
also be found in the description of the video,
you can download it by doing puja from there, whether it is
ICICI's health insurance or two
wheeler, four wheeler, whatever, whatever policy is
made by ICC Lambot, everything will be available
in it, so as soon as you open it, you have to announce and
click on it,
like when you click on the first, some
structures will be told to you, so you can download it
from here  Click on continue and as soon as you
click on continue, you have to give the same
mobile number here which you had entered while making the policy
or the
contact number which you had
given to someone who had got the policy made, the same mobile number has to be
entered here, so I enter my mobile number
and an OTP will be sent to that mobile number,
that OTP has to be verified,
as seen in our case it has been
verified and as soon as it is verified,
you will get an email option,
in this you can choose any email, the
option to send on email will also come
and you will see the interface like this,
your network will first automatically
save it here because the
policy will redirect to your mobile number
and a policy name will be given here,
when is the two wheeler policy,
how long is the belt, all the details will start showing here,
if it is not there then for that
I will tell you what to do, for
now you come here and as soon
as you click on this option,
you can see all the details in one shot from here  It is
like if we clicked then
my number got hit here and which is my house
bike number and wax then pigeon which
bike is it, some details have come here and the
policy number is also showing here, so if
you have any idea in this way then you
can show it also, you will not face any problem,
but now if you want to download the complete policy and it is
not showing here then
you have to click on add policy,
you can also edit it by adding policy, if you click on add then
you can also add your policy here by entering the policy number or vehicle number chassis number,
so let me
show you how to download the policy, you will see the options below,
here you have to click on policy,
as if you click on it,
here it will already be neem etc.
and whether the policy is completely active or not, all these
things have come here and here the vehicle
number and till the world cup, all the things will come here, we will
download it, here
you have been given some features like here the
details of the policy, this is claim, remove
policy, upload bank update, bank details, three
You don't have to click on everything,
you simply have to click on the policy options,
like you will click on policy, here
you will first get the details of this policy, there is
also an option to download this app,
like if you click on download
then the policy will be saved in your phone
and will also open in PDF format,
something like this, apart from this
you can download your policy only in this way,
if you want health insurance
or want to make flowers then all
the services will come here under bike policy, here
you can do the policy on buy now, it is
given below here next to home,
so this whole process, in this one app
you will get all the things related to ICC Lemon,
after this there is travel, all these
things are here, whoever
wants to make a policy, click on policy from
here you can also make the policy automatically,
your details will already be shown here, so if you
need any more information related to ICC Lambert then please comment,
you will definitely get the answer in the reply,
so we are entering this video only,
along with this if
you need any other information  So you
can ask in the comment box below, we will meet you soon
with a new video on the channel, but
thank you very much and thank you
from the bottom of my heart for watching the entire video, why thank you